---
name: concourse-slackbot

templates:
  config/config.json: config/config.json
  bin/concourse-slackbot_ctl.sh.erb: bin/concourse-slackbot_ctl

packages:
  - concourse-slackbot

properties:
  slack_token:
    description: "The bot user token from the slack app"
  slack_bot_name:
    description: "The @ mention the bot is configured for in the slack app"
    default: "concoursebot"
  slack_start_channel:
    description: "The channel to annouce bot start up in"
  slack_start_message:
    description: "A default message to announce when the bot starts up"
    default: "ConcourseBot is alive!"
  concourse_url:
    description: "the URL to your concourse"
    example: "https://192.168.50.6"
  concourse_username:
    description: "A username that will have permission to run jobs"
  concourse_password:
    description: "Password for the user"
  debug:
    description: "Enable debugging output for slack in the bot logs"
    default: false
  commands:
    description: "A list of commands that the bot can run"
    example:
      commands:
        - command: "run pipeline-a job-a"
          type: "concourse"
          accept_response: "Got it, I'll get Concourse to start that for you now, it can take some time to do, but I'll let you know when it is done."
          help: "Run Job-A in Pipeline-A in Concourse; user must be in privileged users list for this bot to run"
          options:
            team: "main"
            pipeline: "pipeline-a"
            job: job-a"
            skipoutput: false
            privileged: true
          privileged_users: ["user.name"]
        - command: "run pipeline-a job-b"
          type: "concourse"
          accept_response: "Got it, I'll get Concourse to start that for you now, it can take some time to do, but I'll let you know when it is done."
          help: "Run Job-B in Pipeline-A in Concourse; user must be in privileged users list for this bot to run"
          options:
            team: "main"
            pipeline: "pipeline-a"
            job: job-b"
            skipoutput: false
            privileged: false
  quotes:
    description: "random quotes for the bot to respond with if you just @ it"
    default: [
       "Anything else, mom? You want me to mow the lawn? Forgot, New York, No grass.",
       "Mess with the best, die like the rest.",
       "Hack the planet! Hack the planet!",
       "We have just gotten a wake-up call from the Nintendo Generation.",
       "Our recent unknown intruder penetrated using the superuser account, giving him access to our whole system.",
       "Type 'cookie', you idiot. I'll head them off at the pass.",
       "The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late.",
       "Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.",
       "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.",
       "I changed your password to 'incorrect.' That way when you forget it, you will always be reminded that 'Your password is incorrect.'",
       "I have been told that the best crackers in the world can do this under 60 minutes but unfortunately I need someone who can do this under 60 seconds.",
       "I've just gotta modify the code!",
       "It's a UNIX system! I know this.",
       "I'm tracking your IP address, I will slow you down",
       "You are good, but I am better!",
       "We've only got 2 of the blinky boxes left to go!",
       "I could launch a cyber nuke, but it will completly fry your system",
       "A strange game.The only winning move is not to play. How about a nice game of chess?",
       "Later. Let's play Global Thermonuclear War.",
       "I can hack you back in time to Nazi Germany, like a time machine!"
    ]
